SiteMgr - Web Content Management
--------------------------------

PLEASE NOTE
===========
SiteMgr is being reworked at the moment, for easier use and installation.
Therefor most steps descript in the install section of the "Administration
manual" are now done automaticaly.

Quick Install
-------------
Documentation can be found in different formats in the doc
directory. Read the introduction to learn how sitemgr works and the
section "Administrator manual" for installation instructions

Overview
--------
This program will generate a dynamic web site with discrete sections
that various eGroupWare users may edit, if the administrator gives
them permission to do so.  In effect, the generated website can have
sections which independent departments are in charge of maintaining.
The site administrator can choose a theme and create headers, footers,
and sidebars to enforce a sitewide look and feel.  Site sections can
be viewable public (viewable by anonymous users) or private (viewable
by specified users and groups only).

Background
----------
Team 10 in the UC Irvine Systems Design Course, ICS 125, chose this as
their project.  Seek3r served as the project's "customer" and the team
wrote extensive requirements and design documents followed by the
actual coding of the project.  The course is ten weeks long, but
coding doesn't start until part-way through week 6, so version 1.0 of
sitemgr was programmed in an intensive 3 weeks.

Credits
-------
The original code:

ICS 125 Team 10:

Tina Alinaghian (tina -AT- checkyour6.net)
Austin Lee (anhjah -AT- hotmail.com)
Siu Leung (rurouni_master -AT- hotmail.com)
Fang Ming Lo (flo -AT- uci.edu)
Patrick Walsh (mr_e -AT- phpgroupware.org)

Professor:
Hadar Ziv (profziv -AT- aol.com)

TA:
Arijit Ghosh (arijitg -AT- uci.edu)

Subsequent maintanence:

Ralf Becker (RalfBecker -AT- outdoor-training.de)
Michael Totschnig (totschnig.michael -AT- uqam.ca) -- wrote
	multilingual facets of sitemgr, and conceived the modularized
	architecture
Patrick Walsh (see above)

